[D1] Add NuxtHub to D1 community projects (#13742)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/reference/community-projects.md

* [GitHub](https://github.com/lauragift21/staff-directory)
* [D1 functionality](https://github.com/lauragift21/staff-directory/blob/main/app/db.ts)

### NuxtHub

> `NuxtHub` is a Nuxt module that brings Cloudflare Worker bindinds into your Nuxt application with zero configuration. It leverages [Cloudflare Wrangler Plaform Proxy](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/api/#getplatformproxy) in development and direct binding in production to interact with D1, KV and R2 with server composables (`hubDatabase()`, `hubKV()` and `hubBlob()`). It also provide a way to use your remote D1 database in development using the `nuxi dev --remote` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NuxtHub` is a Nuxt module that brings Cloudflare Worker bindings into your Nuxt application with no configuration. It leverages [Cloudflare Wrangler Plaform Proxy](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/api/#getplatformproxy) in development and direct binding in production to interact with [D1](/d1/), [KV](/kv/) and [R2](/r2/) with server composables (`hubDatabase()`, `hubKV()` and `hubBlob()`). `NuxtHub` also provides a way to use your remote D1 database in development using the `nuxi dev --remote` command.
```

> `NuxtHub` is a Nuxt module that brings Cloudflare Worker bindings into your Nuxt application with no configuration. It leverages [Cloudflare Wrangler Plaform Proxy](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/api/#getplatformproxy) in development and direct binding in production to interact with [D1](/d1/), [KV](/kv/) and [R2](/r2/) with server composables (`hubDatabase()`, `hubKV()` and `hubBlob()`). `NuxtHub` also provides a way to use your remote D1 database in development using the `nuxi dev --remote` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`NuxtHub` is a Nuxt module that brings Cloudflare Worker bindings into your Nuxt application with no configuration. It leverages the [Wrangler Platform Proxy](/workers/wrangler/api/#getplatformproxy) in development and direct binding in production to interact with [D1](/d1/), [KV](/kv/) and [R2](/r2/) with server composables (`hubDatabase()`, `hubKV()` and `hubBlob()`).

`NuxtHub` also provides a way to use your remote D1 database in development using the `nuxi dev --remote` command.
```
